App Name: 

Miataru - be found

App Description:

Miataru or 見当たる is Japanese and means "be found" or "to come across" and it's meant to be a set of tools to allow the user to track locations and choose how to work with the data as well as how data is stored if at all.

When Google closed it’s Latitude service it suddenly became apparent how many processes in an home automation system and daily life already make use of the ability to locate devices.

This is the Miataru iOS App that allows you to use the free Miataru service or your own Miataru server instance.

Primary Category:

Secondary Category:

Subcategories:

Copyright:

(C) 2013 - Daniel Kirstenpfad / miataru.com

App Rating:

Keywords:

Longitude, Latitude, Location, Share Location

SKU Number:

1

Application URL:

http://miataru.com

Screenshots:

see folder

Support URL:

http://miataru.com

Support eMail Address:

ios@miataru.com

End User License Agreement:

Pricing:

free

Available Date:

10-05-2013

Territories:

Worldwide

Large App Icon:

see folder

App-Store Review Instructions:

This is the client application that corresponds with the free miataru.com service. Miataru is built to allow users to freely share location data of not only their iPhones but essentially all devices and things using clients on all sorts of operating systems. 

This application allows the user to interact with a Miataru server - a free one is pre-configured in the app - to see where known devices are (i've given my own iPhone as an example in the Demo Account Information). If a user chooses not to use the free service he can install his own server on his own infrastructure, allowing complete privacy.

To add devices to the device list the device details can be entered manually or using the QR code and QR code scanner in the app. I've added device credentials in the demo account information - the password is the device id - additionally please refer to this image to have a with-the-app-scanable QR code: https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/2202427/appstore-review-iphone-qrcode.png

The settings of the app are giving the user the freedom to decide what the app does with his data. Therefore he can select to disable/enable tracking and reporting at all, wether to store a location history or not, how long data gets stored before it automatically times out and gets deleted, a server url and an update interval for following a known device over the map (autorefresh).


